This program is called YouTook, a music oriented GUI project created by Ronly Leung, Sonik Jhang, and Tianhui Shen. Open the sketch and then install Minim and ControlP5 libraries(sketch, then adding library) to run it.

Ronly Leung: GUI I learned and used controlP5 to sync up the frontend and the backend. The control handlers and graphical pieces from controlP5 were especially handy as they had a BootStrap feel to them. One of the biggest struggles was implementing the visualization without destroying the functionality of the buttons; solved by pushMatrix and popMatrix. Some buttons could not control groove and minim so the stop, pause, resume were hardcoded to keyboard buttons. The Choose song button remains functional with mousepress.

Sonik Jhang: Web scraping for online mode - ChartLyrics and iTunes API, formatted and made the code very clean. 
My role in the project was to gather data for the project. I only knew how to scrape data off of a website using html, python3 beautifulsoup4 module. My initial plan was to find a good source website where they provide artist name, album, songs, and lyrics and make csv file. http://www.azlyrics.com/ was the perfect website for my source. However, while writing the code, they blocked me from accessing their website because of too many requests in a short period of time. Had to find another way to save the trouble from making csv file and loading it from Processing. The solution was to use API from API providing websites. iTunes was the perfect source for the project. They provided artist, song information in JSON format. Challenge here was that I had to learn how to use JSON parsing in java. 
	Since my part of the project was to gather data for lyrics when we query for a song and artist. Since iTunes does not provide lyrics for the songs, had to find another source just for lyrics. http://www.chartlyrics.com/api.aspx was the perfect website for it. However, they provided the lyrics in xml format. Had to learn how to use XML parsing in java as well.
	After generating each data in a string format, I made them to output results in string arraylist. However, to make the code more easier to understand, I made them in a class for each data sets to help my teammates to understand code better. 
	When linking the data with the UI, we thought a youtube of the song would be nice as well. So I did some research on how to use Youtube API just to figure out that it was harder than other APIs used before. So I tried requesting http and get html to scrape data. However, Youtube html is neither JSON or XML. I tried to download java external library called JSOUP to make it happen but even after following instructions in processing.org, it didn't work. Instead, made a youtube button to link it with a youtube search.
	The biggest challenge of all was to understand the eventListener, eventController, and stuffs inside the ControlP5. However, this project allowed me to have a better grasp of how object oriented programming works. Since I finished my part so early, I helped with cleaning and organizing code. Besides from my part of the code, also helped making classes for online and offline gui. 

Tianhui Shen: music visualization. 
I was working on the music visualization part. This part allows user to select local music file to play. I have written up different classes for different types of visualization. At first, the Minim library did not work on my computer, as I thought this library is a built in library. But actually it should be installed separately. The big problem is my code does not run well on Mac, the program always be forced to close. I didn't find the reason for this but I made it work by change the way to select file. 


